You call him boss
What kind of boss is he?
If it weren't for God's will, brother
He's not even a fart
And he has now resigned.
I'm afraid no one wants to go out and be a foot wash coin
It doesn't matter what my name is
The important thing is that it's just me, Bai Fangyu
I want to cut off your funding
No one dares to do it with me
Hahaha
Bai Fangyu
Two ladies look at my face
Call you boss
You really think you can go to heaven
The two ladies looked at me
It has nothing to do with you.
Okay, okay, hard to get, right?
Southern woman
You are willing to divest from me
You have to go head-to-head with me
No, you just want me to give you a little step down
So that you can continue to live in the villa as Mrs. Chen?
I don't think you need to attract my attention
Because of this marriage
I must leave
OK
This is what you said.
So many people here heard it
You'd better not.
Goodbye everyone
Mrs. Li, let's take a walk too
Mrs. Zhu
Chen Tianyi would not have the company today without Mr. Bai
You are now offending Mr. Bai for such a dead green tea
Let the future of us lower-level employees be lost
You have a nest of snakes and rats
Mr. Bai is gone, and I'm quitting
You are Bai Fangyu's dog leg
Of course lie for him
Brother Providence
Even if Bai Fangyu deliberately sabotages the investment
As long as I'm here
I can get any kind of investment back for you, right?
Just let me get the investment
You will never let him go.
Miss Bai, look at your beautiful hands
I'll take you to get a manicure, oops, oops.
Don't go.
I invited my son to have dinner together
What's so good about this meal?
He will be fat. Look at his manicure, it's not pretty at all.
Still don't go
Go get a manicure
Two or two?
Then why don't you drink water first?
Why did the two ladies kowtow to him?